hey guys it's card dude 100 again and
this time i will be showing you how to
do the world's greatest card trick ok so
here i have a regular deck of cards all
blue ok and so you're going to just ask
an audience member or your fan tuan a
person for my family or friends to pick
a card and then so they pick it in this
case we have the nine of hearts ok so
then I've hearts is our third and put
that back over ok and you're going to
ask them to tell you when to stop let's
say they stop here and so you said and
so then they take their car than diner
hearts and they place it right there on
the deck now you smack the other part on
give it a little shake and the card
should reveal it to yourself ah right
and that was our car the nine of hearts
the red bag okay um now this time all
right we're just going to place the
right card right there and I'm just
going to ask you to memorize this bottom
card on the deck it is the 10 of
diamonds ok and then so you the audience
member is going to ask me want to stop
again and snack it back on it should
reveal it to us again so spread this out
and well there's no red cards in this
deck but there's one right here so let's
check it out is the 10 of diamonds just
like our last card ok now I'm going to
show you how to do it this deck it's
pre-arranged and to do it you need one
red card with the same exact back as a
blue card and so what you do is you have
the one red card ten of diamonds and so
we're going to put that right here and
then you find the blue card ten of
diamonds in your duck so it'll be in
here somewhere ok and then this is the
blue back ten of diamonds ok so it's the
the blue back ten of diamonds and the
red back ten of diamonds right here and
so what you do you get it doesn't really
matter how the rest of the deck is set
up but you take the blue back ten of
diamonds put the blue back of whatever
card you put it on the bottom and you
take the red card and you put it on the
very bottom and then you got to be
careful when you fan it out
not show the red card and so you try and
do it like that or you could do it in
your hand and then while you're doing
that you ask them to pick a card so
we're going to do it again so they pick
that card is the three of clubs and
we're going to leave that face up right
here and so then you're just going to
peel it from the top and let's say they
say stop here then you take the three of
clubs you place it on top of the deck
and you put the other half on top and
then you fan it out again and you say
the card should reveal it reveal itself
to you so you got to be careful not to
shuffle this part this half of the deck
because remember the blue back ten of
diamonds is still there so I you leave
you put that deck that hair for the deck
down or you could take this half and put
it on top it doesn't matter you can do
either one and then you're going to take
your going to take the two cards the red
back in the blue back and the first top
two cards you're going to take them so
it looks like one and you're going to
ask them was is that your card and yes
the three of clubs was our card so then
you're going to put it back on the top
of the duck you can say okay I'm going
to put the red card right back at right
here you can hold on to it I know I'm
going to put it on the table and so you
can't touch it and then and then you
show them the bottom of the deck and in
this case I this is the red back ten of
diamonds and this is the blue bag ten of
diamonds so you ask them to memorize
that card you don't don't let them tell
you the card
and then you have you peel it off again
and then they they're going to tell you
when to stop then you just smack it
smack it on the top again you say the
card should reveal it a bit to us and
since we don't have any more red cards
this this right here the red back ten of
diamonds is going to be the ten of
diamonds so you search through the deck
and then they're going to be like all
you screwed up or whatever and but then
you go there's no red cards but there's
one right here why don't you take a look
at it and I not so they're going to flip
it over and they're going to be amazed
because that is the ten of diamonds and
so there you go please rate and comment
and this is called the world's greatest
card trick thank you